docs(profiling): Add docs for python continuous profiling (#11177)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/profiling/index.mdx

### Upgrading from older SDK versions

Profiling was experimental in SDK versions `1.17.0` and older. Learn how to upgrade <PlatformLink to="/profiling/troubleshooting/#ipgrading-from-older-sdk-versions">here</PlatformLink>.

## Enable Continuous Profiling

<Include name="feature-stage-beta.mdx" />

_(New in version 2.13.0)_

> The current profiling implementation stops the profiler automatically after 30 seconds (unless you manually stop it earlier). Naturally, this limitation makes it difficult to get full coverage of your app's execution. We now offer an experimental continuous mode, where profiling data is periodically uploaded while running, with no limit to how long the profiler may run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current profiling implementation stops the profiler automatically after 30 seconds (unless you manually stop it earlier). Naturally, this limitation makes it difficult to get full coverage of your app's execution. We now offer an experimental continuous mode, where profiling data is periodically uploaded while running, with no limit on how long the profiler may run.
```

To get started with continuous profiling, you can start and stop the profiler directly with `sentry_sdk.profiler.start_profiler` and `sentry_sdk.profiler.stop_profiler`.

<Note>

> If you had previously set `profiles_sample_rate` or `profilers_sampler` to use transaction-based profiling, then remove those lines of code from your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously set `profiles_sample_rate` or `profilers_sampler` to use transaction-based profiling, you must remove those lines of code from your configuration in order to use continuous profiling.
```
